Add 'command not found' to troubleshooting page (#848)
MicrosoftDocs/WSL: WSL/troubleshooting.md

## Common issues

> ### `command not found` when execute windows .exe in linux

Author: ```suggestion
### `command not found` when executing windows .exe in linux
```

> User can run Windows .exe like notepad.exe directly from linux. Sometime, you may hit "command not found" like below: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User can run Windows executables like notepad.exe directly from linux. Sometimes, you may hit "command not found" like below: 
```

> User can run Windows executables like notepad.exe directly from linux. Sometimes, you may hit "command not found" like below: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can run Windows executables like notepad.exe directly from Linux. Sometimes, you may hit "command not found" like below: 
```

```
$ notepad.exe
-bash: notepad.exe: command not found
```

> If there is no win32 paths in your $PATH, interop isn't going to find the .exe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there are no win32 paths in your $PATH, interop isn't going to find the .exe.
```

> You can verify it by `echo $PATH` in Linux. It's expected that win32 path(for example, /mnt/c/Windows) is in the output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can verify it by running `echo $PATH` in Linux. It's expected that you will see a win32 path (for example, /mnt/c/Windows) in the output.
```

> If you can't find it, most likely PATH is overwriten by Linux shell. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't see any Windows paths then most likely your PATH is being overwritten by your Linux shell. 
```

Here is a an example that /etc/profile on Debian contributed to the problem:
```
if [ "`id -u`" -eq 0 ]; then
  PATH="/usr/local/sbin:/usr/local/bin:/usr/sbin:/usr/bin:/sbin:/bin"
else
  PATH="/usr/local/bin:/usr/bin:/bin:/usr/local/games:/usr/games"
fi
```

The correct way on Debian is to remove above lines.

> You may also append $PATH during the assigment like below, but this lead to some [other problems](https://salsa.debian.org/debian/WSL/-/commit/7611edba482fd0b3f67143aa0fc1e2cc1d4100a6) with WSL and VSCode..

Reviewer: Can you remove the lines after this? We should give them one clear solution, which in this case is should be just to remove the lines of the shell that sets the Path. Once done we can merge this in!
